Thu Oct  3 22:21:44 EDT 2013
scatter plot of Avg Rank vs price increase (doubt there is a correlation at all, but check anyway)
comparison to SP500 for same period
[DONE]gnuplot output 
research financial math, financial plots see if there are any plot types all ready used that might be useful
Output PDF report w gnuplots oa stocks time seires data perhaps  plot 5tickers/ graph
Gnuplot has capability to output for web w/interactive capabilites. 

skip getting stock data of those w / an entry in error table

crontab task to update historical data, also upload database to dropbox/djinnius or something. create backup 

[DONE]dump stock data into central StockData database. each list is on a different day so you won't gain any benefit from preventing multiple entries, and you'll probably sufffer a bit of a performance hit since all data is dumped in one spot, you'll proly keep yourself more sane (at least right now) 

research using openbloomberg or another trading platforms api

Analysis of at $7/trade how much you would actually make or how much you'd have to spend to make any profit. or make a reasonable profit. 

what is the typical % gain/loss when on the list?

for each list also include a "stock" for each of the major indices so that you can track compared to those quite easily : sp500 nasdaq dow jones wilshire...

compute ARR while on lsit and save in table, add in metric to deduct trading costs and taxes and see how desirable it is.

A BIG CAVEAT FOR MY DATA is that most of it occurred AFTER the market downturn when things were heading up. So the stocks may seem pretty good, but did they beat the overall market?



Wed Oct  9 12:43:42 EDT 2013
for my continuous run algo, it might be faster to determine ...agggh. I was going to say to query the database like so: select date from Table where date > startdate and rank is null. However this won't work, because we don't create entires in the db if the dat is null.

For testing I could simply have a "golden" write protected file. Then after you modify code, simply output a new file and run a diff on the new output vs the "golden" file. Easy peasy. 

Write program to pick up on the Continuous Analyzre. Look for those with blank end dates and check for new data. Shouldnt' be too hard to implement

Have a graph within a graph for stockticker price and rank? or use two diff sets of y axes. I like the idea of both.

set xrange [-10:10]
set ytics 10 nomirror tc lt 1
set ylabel '2*x' tc lt 1
set y2tics 20 nomirror tc lt 2
set y2label '4*x' tc lt 2
plot 2*x linetype 1, 4*x linetype 2 axes x1y2
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2827650/plotting-two-axes-in-gnuplot

Fri Oct 11 21:59:05 EDT 2013
[DONE] Grab the SP500 data once and make all other calls use that.

Finish the Refresh script, filling in all options.
If the options aren't there then add them to the files

automate testing of the Refresh Script
utilize the temp directory
Add the SP500 and other indexes to the ticker list to check performance, may need to tweak insertion as they proly won't have  volume etc. Could use a ETF that tracks them as a proxy.

Thu Oct 24 11:53:52 EDT 2013
[DONE]reverse engineer the static stock graphs on pages like : http://finance.yahoo.com/q/ta?s=XONE+Basic+Tech.+Analysis hmmm I all ready have this in my GetDailyStockChart*.sh

Sat Jan  4 17:01:34 EST 2014
Remove dependence on hard coded IBDdatabase.sqlite
Create a script that uses the historic data in the database and creates json for PythonStockTracker for each list entry
Create a script that performs the movement matrix on sqlite data
Figure out the correct joins to do to easily determine which stocks went on in Week X and which were dropped when compared to Week X-1

Tue Mar 17 13:05:31 EDT 2015
Make the change such that only the most recent list's data is downloaded. We are still downloading all which isn't efficient.


Mon Apr 13 13:32:30 EDT 2015
Add in company name or some other more identifying attribute in the data I save off. I need this simply for when tickers change and then are possibly taken over again by a new company.  I'm curious if there are rules for ticker symbols and renaming them.
